Yusei: NOW LET'S GET UP TO
SPEED WITH YU-GI-OH 5D'S.
MC: WE'VE REACHED THE END
OF THE SEMIFINALS.
IT ALL COMES DOWN
TO WHAT PROMISES
TO BE AN INCREDIBLE DUEL.
IN THEIR RESPECTIVE PITS,
THE LAST DUELISTS ARE WAITING.
WHO WILL EMERGE TRIUMPHANT?
YUSEI FUDO?
OR WILL IT BE HALLDOR?
Halldor: DIVINITY RISES.
BEHOLD, THE RULER OF ALL THINGS.
I SYNCHRO SUMMON
THE ULTIMATE NORDIC GOD ODIN
FATHER OF THE AESIR.
Yusei: AMAZING.
HE'S GOT THREE GOD CARDS.
THIS WILL TAKE
EVERYTHING I'VE GOT.
Lester: THE BATTLE BETWEEN
TEAM RAGNAROK AND TEAM 5D'S
IS BETTER THAN WE
COULD HAVE EVER HOPED.
JUST LOOK AT THE CIRCUIT SURGE.
AT THIS RATE, ONCE WE
REACH THE FINAL MATCH,
THE CONNECTION WILL BE TEETERING
ON THE EDGE OF FULL COMPLETION
AND SO WILL OUR MASTER PLAN.
Yusei: I NOW SYNCHRO SUMMON
THE MAJESTIC STAR DRAGON!
Jack: YES, YUSEI.
Crow: HE'S ACTUALLY DONE IT.
HE'S HARNESSED THE POWER
OF THE CRIMSON DRAGON.
Halldor: I'LL NOW PLACE A CARD
FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN,
WHICH MEANS WE'RE AT
THE END PHASE
AND MY NORDIC GODS RETURN.
SO RISE, THOR, LOKI,
AND OF COURSE, MIGHTY ODIN.
I PLAY MY TRAP, WAVE REBOUND.
MC: SIMPLY SENSATIONAL.
DUE TO WAVE REBOUND,
ALL OF TEAM RAGNAROK'S
NORDIC GODS
WILL BE WAVING
THEIR LAST GOOD-BYES.
AND NOW, HALLDOR
WILL TAKE DAMAGE
EQUAL TO THE ATTACK POINTS
OF ALL THREE OF
THOSE CLOBBERING CONQUERORS.
I ACTIVATE A TRAP
FROM MY GRAVEYARD.
FROM YOUR GRAVEYARD?
Halldor: THAT'S
CORRECT-- GJALLARHORN.
(HORN BLARES)
YUSEI, PREPARE TO FEEL
THE FULL WRATH
OF THE NORDIC GODS.
♪
Man: ♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN? ♪
♪ ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHIN' ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMIN' ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND ♪
♪ IT'S BLOWIN' ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME,
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR
AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHIN' ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMIN' ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND ♪
♪ IT'S BLOWIN' ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
(SUSTAINED CHORD FADES)
(HORN BLARES)
SORRY, YUSEI, BUT,
DUE TO GJALLARHORN,
YOUR WAVE REBOUND WON'T BE
MAKING ANY WAVES AT ALL.
YOU SEE, GJALLARHORN PUTS A STOP
TO ANY EFFECT
THAT PREVENTS THE REVIVAL
OF MY NORDIC GODS.
BUT THERE'S MORE: AT THE END
OF MY THIRD TURN,
ALL THE MONSTERS I HAVE ON THE
FIELD ARE REMOVED FROM PLAY,
AND YOU GET HIT WITH THE
TOTAL OF THEIR ATTACK POINTS.
NO WAY.
Bruno: THAT MEANS
AT THE END PHASE
OF EVERY TURN,
THOSE THREE NORDIC GODS WILL
RETURN TO THE BATTLEFIELD.
THIS GJALLARHORN REALLY DOES
SOUND THE ALARM FOR YUSEI.
ESPECIALLY IF YOU ADD
UP THE ATTACK POINTS
OF THOSE THREE GODS.
YUSEI COULD BE TAKING OVER
10,000 POINTS AS DIRECT DAMAGE.
THIS IS JUST AWFUL.
YUSEI JUST WENT FROM THE GUY TO
BEAT TO THE GUY GETTING BEAT.
Akiza: NO JOKE, JUST LOOK.
NOW THEN,
SINCE THOR HAS RETURNED,
YOU TAKE 800 POINTS OF DAMAGE.
(ELECTRICITY CRACKLES)
(YUSEI GRUNTS)
AND SINCE LOKI HAS RETURNED,
I CAN NOW ADD ONE TRAP CARD
IN MY GRAVEYARD TO MY HAND.
AND THE CARD I'LL BE SELECTING
IS THE TRAP: ODIN'S EYE.
YOU KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS.
(YUSEI GRUNTS)
Broder: JUST LOOK
AT YUSEI'S FACE.
I DO BELIEVE HE REALIZES HOW
DIRE THE SITUATION IS, HEH, HEH.
Dragan: HE'D BETTER.
HALLDOR'S NEVER LOST
ONCE GJALLARHORN'S BEEN THROWN.
NEXT, THANKS TO ODIN AND HIS
SPECIAL ABILITY,
I GET TO DRAW ONE CARD
FROM MY DECK.
AH, VERY NICE.
NOW I'LL END MY TURN.
AND SINCE I HAVE,
GJALLARHORN'S COUNTER
BECOMES ONE.
A COUNTER THAT IS THE COUNT
DOWN TO YOUR DEMISE, YUSEI.
ESPECIALLY SINCE,
AT THIS VERY MOMENT,
THE EFFECT OF YOUR
MONSTER CHAIN TRAP IS SNAPPED.
YOUR MOVE, YUSEI.
PERHAPS YOUR LAST.
♪
MC: UNBELIEVABLE.
TEAM 5D'S MOST DYNAMIC DUELIST,
YUSEI FUDO,
HAS FIERCELY FOUGHT OFF
TEAM RAGNAROK.
BUT IT'S ALL BEEN FOR NAUGHT.
AND NOW, YOU'D BETTER BELIEVE
THE REST OF TEAM 5D'S STOMACHS
ARE IN KNOTS.
AFTER ALL,
THIS DUEL WILL BE OVER
UNLESS YUSEI CAN
MUSTER A MIRACLE COMEBACK.
(YUSEI THINKING): AS LONG AS
HALLDOR HAS ODIN'S EYE OUT,
HE'LL BE ABLE TO SEE
MY CARDS AND RIGHT THROUGH
MY STRATEGIES.
BUT WAIT.
YUSEI, WHEN A GOD
IS ON THE FIELD,
NOTHING CAN NEGATE
THE GAZE OF ODIN'S EYE.
AND SINCE THAT'S THE CASE,
IT ACTIVATES.
NOW, ONCE PER TURN, BY NEGATING
THE SPECIAL ABILITIES OF A GOD,
I'M ALLOWED TO LOOK AT A
FACEDOWN CARD IN YOUR HAND
OR ON YOUR FIELD.
Yusei: MAYBE I CAN USE THIS
TO MY ADVANTAGE.
AFTER ALL, WHAT YOU SEE ISN'T
ALWAYS WHAT YOU GET.
MY TURN.
(COMPUTER BEEPS)
AND FIRST I'M SUMMONING
STARDUST PHANTOM.
♪
WHEN PHANTOM IS DESTROYED
AND SENT TO THE GRAVEYARD,
I CAN SUMMON STARDUST DRAGON
FROM MY GRAVE IN DEFENSE MODE.
FURTHERMORE, IF I THEN REMOVE
STARDUST PHANTOM FROM PLAY,
I CAN THEN LOWER STARDUST
DRAGON'S DEFENSE POINTS BY 800
AND MAKE IT INVINCIBLE TO ANY
ATTACKS YOU DARE THROW ITS WAY.
I THEN END MY TURN
WITH A FACEDOWN.
I SEE WHAT YOU'RE PLANNING.
I'LL EVEN BREAK IT DOWN
FOR YOU STEP BY STEP.
SINCE PHANTOM'S ABILITY
ACTIVATES FROM THE GRAVEYARD,
THOR WON'T BE ABLE TO NEGATE IT.
(YUSEI GASPS)
THEN, IF MY THREE
NORDIC GODS ATTACK,
YOU'LL SIMPLY REVIVE STARDUST
DRAGON FROM YOUR GRAVEYARD
AND BE ABLE TO SURVIVE
THE ONSLAUGHT
DUE TO HIS HARDY DEFENSE.
IN FACT, THANKS TO STARDUST
PHANTOM'S ABILITY,
YOU CAN SURVIVE MY GODS' ATTACKS
THREE TIMES
AND STILL KEEP STARDUST DRAGON.
Yusei: THAT'S RIGHT.
HOWEVER, YOU FORGOT ONE THING.
IT'S MY TURN AND MY SPEED
COUNTER IS UP TO 10.
AND SO THAT MEANS
I CAN ACTIVATE SPEED WORLD
TWO'S EFFECT NOW.
SO BY REMOVING
10 SPEED COUNTERS,
I CAN DESTROY ONE CARD
ON THE FIELD.
(COMPUTER BEEPS)
THE CARD THAT I CHOOSE
TO DESTROY IS THAT PHANTOM.
AND SINCE YOU HAVE, PHANTOM'S
ABILITY NOW ACTIVATES.
SO WHAT HAPPENS NEXT IS
JUST AS YOU CALLED IT.
I CAN SUMMON STARDUST DRAGON
FROM MY GRAVEYARD.
(STARDUST DRAGON ROARS)
NOW THOR, ATTACK.
(THOR GROWLS)
I PLAY PHANTOM'S
SECOND ABILITY.
JUST AS YOU PREDICTED.
BY REMOVING PHANTOM FROM PLAY
AND LOWERING STARDUST'S
DEFENSE POINTS BY 800,
HE CAN'T BE DESTROYED IN BATTLE.
Halldor: GO,
THUNDERBOLT BLUDGEON.
NOW YOUR TURN, LOKI.
GO, VANITY BLAST.
(ELECTRICITY CRACKLING)
ONCE AGAIN, I ACTIVATE
PHANTOM'S ABILITY.
(COMPUTER BEEPS)
(ELECTRICITY CRACKLING)
Halldor: AND THAT'S THE LAST
TIME YOU WILL, YUSEI.
DON'T YOU SEE?
STARDUST DRAGON DOESN'T HAVE
ENOUGH DEFENSE POINTS
TO SAVE HIMSELF
AND STICK AROUND.
YOU WERE ONE MOVE SHORT,
DUE TO MY SPEED COUNTERS.
AND NOW, BLAST THAT STARDUST
DRAGON OFF THE FIELD, ODIN.
(METAL CLANKING)
♪
Halldor: GO, SACRED
SCEPTER SLASH.
(ECHOING EXPLOSIONS)
I PLAY STRONGHOLD GUARDIAN.
SINCE MY MONSTER IN DEFENSE MODE
HAS BEEN ATTACKED,
BY BANISHING STRONGHOLD,
STARDUST DRAGON
GAINS 1500 DEFENSE POINTS UNTIL
THIS TURN'S END PHASE.
NOW, PHANTOM,
ACTIVATE YOUR ABILITY.
OH, NO.
(STARDUST DRAGON CRIES IN PAIN)
THANKS FOR TAKING SOME SHOTS
FOR THE TEAM, STARDUST.
WELL, I HAVE TO ADMIT
TO YOU, YUSEI,
I AM EVER SO IMPRESSED WITH HOW
RESOURCEFUL YOU HAVE BECOME.
YOU'VE BEEN DOWN SO MANY TIMES
BUT NEVER QUITE OUT.
BUT THAT WILL NOW CHANGE.
I SUMMON JORMUNGANDR THE NORDIC
SERPENT TO YOUR FIELD.
MY FIELD?
HUH?
♪
WHAT'S THIS?
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE?
Halldor: I'LL TELL YOU WHAT'S
GOING ON HERE, YUSEI.
WHEN A GOD IS ON MY FIELD, I CAN
SUMMON JORMUNGANDR FROM MY HAND
TO YOUR FIELD IN DEFENSE MODE.
THEN, IF JORMUNGANDR SWITCHES
TO ATTACK MODE, YOU TAKE 3000
POINTS OF DAMAGE.
NEXT, I ACTIVATE MY FACEDOWN,
THE TRAP GLEIPNIR,
THE FETTERS OF FENRIR.
DUE TO GLEIPNIR, WHEN A GOD IS
ON MY FIELD,
I CAN ADD FENRIR THE NORDIC WOLF
FROM MY DECK TO MY HAND.
AND THEN, AGAIN,
THANKS TO THE GODS
I CAN SUMMON FENRIR FROM MY HAND
TO YOUR FIELD IN DEFENSE MODE.
AND I'M NOT JUST CRYING WOLF.
RISE, MY PET.
NOW, WHEN YOUR TURN'S
BATTLE PHASE BEGINS,
FENRIR SWITCHES ALL MONSTERS
ON YOUR FIELD
IN DEFENSE TO ATTACK MODE.
ALSO, FROM THIS POINT ON,
BOTH PLAYERS TAKE DAMAGE
FROM ANY BATTLE
INVOLVING FENRIR.
SAY WHAT?
THAT IS ONE TOUGH CARD COMBO.
Leo: WAIT, HOW'S THIS A COMBO?
BECAUSE, LEO,
DURING THE BATTLE PHASE
OF YUSEI'S NEXT TURN,
FENRIR FORCES MONSTERS
FROM DEFENSE TO OFFENSE,
WHICH MEANS THAT...
WHICH MEANS THAT
JORMUNGANDR SWITCHES TO OFFENSE
AND YUSEI TAKES
3000 POINTS OF DAMAGE.
-OH, NO!
-WHAT?
Halldor: NEXT I PLACE ONE CARD
FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN.
AND SINCE I HAVE, GJALLARHORN'S
COUNTER BECOMES TWO.
(HORN BLARES)
THIS IS BAD.
GJALLARHORN'S COUNTER HAS JUST
ONE SPOT LEFT.
OH, YUSEI.
AND UNLESS HE DOES
SOMETHING SOON
ABOUT JORMUNGANDR AND FENRIR,
HE WON'T EVEN LAST
UNTIL THAT SPOT.
Yusei: THE CARD HALLDOR
JUST PLACED FACEDOWN
HAS TO BE ODIN'S EYE.
HMM.
Yusei: I'LL HAVE TO PLAY
THIS CAREFULLY.
MY TURN NOW.
(COMPUTER BEEPS)
I PLAY THE TRAP,
HOPE FOR ESCAPE.
NOW, SINCE I HAVE LESS LIFE
POINTS THAN YOU, HALLDOR,
BY GETTING RID OF
1000 OF THEM,
I'M THEN ALLOWED
TO DRAW ONE CARD
FOR EVERY 1000-POINT DIFFERENCE
IN OUR LIFE POINTS.
AND SINCE THE DIFFERENCE
BETWEEN US IS MORE THAN 3000,
I'M ALLOWED TO DRAW
THREE CARDS FROM MY DECK.
MC: WHOA, YUSEI IS TAKING
A TITANIC RISK HERE.
IF HE CAN CAPTURE THE CARDS HE
COVETS, WILL IT BE WORTH IT?
WE'LL SEE.
AFTER ALL, HE HAS NOW JUST 200
LIFE POINTS LEFT.
TWO HUNDRED?
SO PRETTY MUCH
A STRONG GUST OF WIND
COULD, LIKE, END THIS DUEL NOW.
-OH, NO.
-YUSEI.
THE ONLY GOOD NEWS IS THAT
HALLDOR'S SPEED COUNTER
IS STILL AT ONE,
WHICH MEANS THERE'S NO WAY HE
CAN PLAY AN EFFECT
THAT'LL TAKE OUT
YUSEI'S LAST POINTS.
THAT'S TRUE.
BUT SINCE ON HALLDOR'S
NEXT DRAW,
GJALLARHORN'S EFFECT
WILL ACTIVATE,
YUSEI HAS JUST ONE LAST MOVE TO
WIN THIS AND IT BEGINS NOW.
Yusei: TIME FOR ME
TO REV THINGS UP.
♪
Yusei: IT'S MY TURN, HALLDOR.
AND I SUMMON LIFE GARDNA.
(COMPUTER NOISES)
AND WITH THAT DONE, I'M NOW
GONNA SUMMON ANOTHER MONSTER
SIMPLY BY REMOVING ONE THAT I
ALREADY HAVE FROM PLAY.
SO NOW, JORMUNGANDR, MAKE WAY
FOR DIFFERENT DIMENSION SPRITE.
(EXPLOSIONS)
BUT WAIT.
ALL RIGHT.
THAT MOVE CHANGES EVERYTHING.
YEAH, NOW HALLDOR'S NORDIC
COMBO WON'T WORK AGAINST YUSEI.
DIFFERENT DIMENSION SPRITE, NOW
RISE AND TUNE WITH LIFE GARDNA.
BEHOLD AS BOTH POWER AND SPEED
SURGE TOWARDS EACH OTHER
AND COLLIDE TO CREATE...
THE SYNCHRO.
THE TUNER.
THE MIGHTY FORMULA SYNCHRON.
(EXPLOSIONS)
A SYNCHRO TUNER?
WHAT'S YUSEI PLANNING?
NEXT I PLAY
LIFE GARDNA'S ABILITY.
BECAUSE GARDNA WAS USED TO
SYNCHRO SUMMON,
I NOW GAIN 800 LIFE POINTS.
NOW I'LL PLAY
FORMULA SYNCHRON'S ABILITY.
WITH IT, I'M ALLOWED
TO DRAW ONE EXTRA CARD
FROM MY DECK EVERY TURN.
THE KEY TO WINNING THIS DUEL NOW
ISN'T JUST SKILL,
IT'S SPEED.
AND I JUST GOT
A WHOLE BUNCH OF IT.
LET'S REV... IT... UP!
COULD IT BE?
NO WAY.
I TUNE LEVEL-TWO
FORMULA SYNCHRON
WITH MY LEVEL-EIGHT
STARDUST DRAGON.
♪
LET THE SPIRIT OF ALL DUEL
MONSTERS NOW SPREAD ITS WINGS
AND SOAR TO NEW HEIGHTS
WHERE IT CAN BE TRANSFORMED
BY THE WINDS OF DESTINY.
WHERE IT CAN BECOME
ALL-POWERFUL.
GO, ACCEL SYNCHRO.
(EXPLOSIONS)
WHAT IN THE WORLD?
GUH.
(EXPLOSIONS)
Yusei: APPEAR,
SHOOTING STAR DRAGON.
(SHOOTING STAR DRAGON ROARS)
SHOOTING STAR DRAGON?
THAT'S YUSEI'S
MOST ULTIMATE MONSTER.
NOW FROM MY HAND, I'M PLAYING
THE SPEED SPELL STAR FORCE.
WITH THIS CARD,
SO LONG AS I HAVE
FOUR OR MORE SPEED COUNTERS,
I CAN REMOVE ONE MONSTER
ON MY FIELD FROM PLAY,
AND THEN I CAN CHOOSE TO GIVE
ONE MONSTER ON MY FIELD
A SUPER-CHARGED POWER-UP
UNTIL THIS TURN'S END PHASE.
SO, THE MONSTER
I'M REMOVING IS FENRIR.
(EXPLOSIONS)
(GLASS SHATTERS)
AND SINCE FENRIR IS LEVEL 10,
I GET TO POWER UP MY SHOOTING
STAR DRAGON BY 1000.
(COMPUTER BEEPS)
4300 ATTACK POINTS?
THIS COULD POSE A PROBLEM.
A BIGGER PROBLEM THAN YOU
REALIZE, HALLDOR.
BECAUSE NOW SHOOTING STAR
DRAGON'S ABILITY ACTIVATES,
WHICH MEANS I GET TO CHECK
THE TOP FIVE CARDS ON MY DECK
FOR TUNER MONSTERS.
I HAVE THREE.
AND I'M AFRAID FOR YOU,
THAT MEANS I'M NOW ALLOWED TO
WAGE THREE SEPARATE ATTACKS.
NOW, THEN, LET'S GET TO IT.
SHOOTING STAR DRAGON, ATTACK!
♪
(EXPLOSIONS)
(HALLDOR GROANS)
♪
(ROAR)
(HALLDOR GROANS)
Halldor: YOU WILL
PAY FOR THAT, YUSEI.
UH-OH, HALLDOR'S TURN.
YEAH, AND HE SURE LOOKS MAD.
LIKE A BUG ON
MY DUEL RUNNER WINDSHIELD,
YOU JUST KEEP HANGING ON,
REFUSING TO ACCEPT THAT
SOONER OR LATER, YOU'RE GOING TO
HIT THE PAVEMENT.
THE ONLY THING
THAT'S HITTING THE PAVEMENT
ARE THESE TWO FACEDOWNS,
WHICH MEANS IT IS THE END PHASE
OF THIS TURN, AND BECAUSE IT IS,
GUESS WHO'S BACK.
THAT'S RIGHT,
THOR HAS RETURNED,
WHICH MEANS YOU
TAKE 800 POINTS OF DAMAGE.
(ELECTRICITY CRACKLES)
(YUSEI GROANS)
YUSEI!
HIS POINTS ARE BACK DOWN
TO 200 NOW.
Halldor: AND NOW LOKI IS BACK.
SO I GET TO ADD A TRAP CARD IN
MY GRAVEYARD BACK TO MY HAND.
AND AS YOU CAN SEE, THE TRAP
CARD THAT I'VE SELECTED
IS GOD'S SHACKLES GLEIPNIR.
FINALLY, ODIN RETURNS
TO THE FIELD,
LETTING ME DRAW ONE CARD
FROM MY DECK,
BUT THAT'S NOT
THE END OF IT, DON'T FORGET,
NOW THAT WE'RE AT
THE TURN'S END PHASE,
YOUR DRAGON'S ATTACK POINTS
RETURN TO NORMAL.
AND NOW IT'S MY TURN.
(COMPUTER BEEPS)
MC: WHAT A BACK-AND-FORTH BATTLE
THIS HAS TURNED OUT TO BE.
IT'S ANYONE'S GUESS
WHAT HAPPENS NEXT.
ANYONE'S GUESS?
IT'S CLEAR AS A BELL
WHAT WILL HAPPEN.
OR PERHAPS I OUGHT TO SAY,
CLEAR AS A HORN.
THAT'S RIGHT,
GJALLARHORN WILL SOON BLARE.
AND SINCE IT'LL BE FOR THE THIRD
TIME, YUSEI'S OUT OF TIME.
THINK YUSEI HAS WHAT
IT TAKES TO WIN, CROW?
YOU KNOW WHAT, JACK, I THINK
WE'RE ALL ABOUT TO FIND OUT.
♪
Yusei: IT ALL COMES DOWN
TO THIS LAST ROUND,
AND I WOULDN'T HAVE IT
ANY OTHER WAY.
BRING IT ON, HALLDOR.
AREN'T YOU PEPPY FOR SOMEONE
WHO IS ABOUT TO LOSE.
IF I LOSE,
AT LEAST I'LL KNOW I DID
EVERYTHING I COULD TO WIN.
OH, PLEASE.
THAT'S THE WAY FAILURES SPEAK.
BUT I SUPPOSE THAT FITS,
BECAUSE YOU HAVE FAILED.
AND NOW I'M GOING TO
MAKE IT OFFICIAL.
THEN, AT LONG LAST,
ALL OF THE WORLD WILL
RECOGNIZE SOMETHING AS
AN IRONCLAD FACT.
AND THAT IS...
THE NORDIC GODS CAN DEFEAT
ALL WHO OPPOSE THEM,
EVEN YOUR FLEDGLING SYNCHROS.
OBSERVE.
I SUMMON TYR
OF THE NORDIC CHAMPIONS.
Computer: When Tyr of the Nordic
Champions is released,
the Nordic gods
cannot be affected
by spells, traps,
or special abilities.
NEXT I ACTIVATE
THE TRAP CARD ODIN'S EYE.
NOT THAT CARD.
NOW HE'LL SEE RIGHT THROUGH
YUSEI'S HAND AGAIN.
Halldor: REMEMBER, YUSEI, YOU
CAN'T NEGATE THE ACTIVATION
OF ODIN'S EYE WHEN A GOD
IS ON THE FIELD.
OF COURSE, I HAVE TO NEGATE
MY GOD'S ABILITIES
IN ORDER TO USE ODIN'S EYE, BUT
THAT'S A SMALL PRICE TO PAY.
NEXT UP, I PLAY TYR'S ABILITY.
NOW BY RELEASING TYR,
ANY ATTACKS YOU WERE
THINKING OF THROWING MY WAY
WON'T DO MY GODS ANY HARM.
IN OTHER WORDS,
THE PENALTY THAT COMES
WITH USING ODIN'S EYE
IS NOW GONE.
I LOVE IT WHEN HE SAVES HIS BEST
MOVES FOR LAST.
NOW, THEN, BY THE DIVINE POWER
OF ODIN'S EYE,
LET'S SEE THAT FACEDOWN.
JUST WHAT I WAS HOPING FOR.
I ACTIVATE MY TRAP,
TRICK MIRROR.
DUE TO THIS CARD,
WHEN YOUR TRAP ACTIVATES,
I CAN ACTIVATE ITS EFFECT
AS THOUGH IT WAS MY OWN.
AND THE TRAP EFFECT
THAT I'LL BE TAKING
IS THAT OF ODIN'S EYE.
♪
OH, NO!
AND THIS MEANS YOUR GOD'S
ABILITIES ARE NEGATED ONCE MORE.
Halldor: FINE, WHAT'S IT MATTER?
EVEN WITHOUT HIS ABILITY,
ODIN HAS 4000 ATTACK POINTS,
WHICH IS MORE THAN ENOUGH
TO TAKE DOWN
YOUR SHOOTING STAR DRAGON.
BUT DON'T TAKE MY WORD FOR IT.
SEE FOR YOURSELF.
ODIN, ATTACK!
I PLAY SHOOTING STAR
DRAGON'S ABILITY.
NOW BY REMOVING SHOOTING STAR
DRAGON FROM PLAY
DURING YOUR TURN, THE ATTACK OF
ONE OF YOUR MONSTERS IS NEGATED.
SO WHAT?
YOUR FIELD
IS NOW EMPTY, YUSEI.
I'LL SIMPLY HAVE ONE OF MY OTHER
TWO GODS ATTACK YOU NOW.
HMM, I PLAY
THE TRAP ZERO FORCE.
NOW, HALLDOR, BECAUSE
MY MONSTER LEFT THE FIELD,
YOUR THREE NORDIC GODS
ARE ABOUT TO LOSE
ALL OF THE POWER AND MIGHT
THEY EACH POSSESS.
THAT CAN'T BE.
(COMPUTER BEEPS)
BUT IF THEIR POINTS ARE ZERO,
THEY CAN NO LONGER ATTACK.
AND DON'T FORGET, AT THE END
PHASE OF THIS TURN,
THE EFFECT OF YOUR
GJALLARHORN TRAP ACTIVATES.
AND THAT MEANS ALL MONSTERS
ON YOUR FIELD
WILL BE REMOVED FROM PLAY
AND THAT I TAKE DAMAGE EQUAL
TO THE COMBINED ATTACK POINTS
OF THOSE MONSTERS.
HOWEVER, SINCE THE ATTACK POINTS
OF YOUR THREE GODS
NOW TOTAL JUST ZERO,
I WON'T BE TAKING ANY
DAMAGE AT ALL.
NO WAY.
NOT FAIR.
YUSEI'S OUTMANEUVERED THE GODS.
AND SINCE THE GODS HAVE BEEN
REMOVED FROM PLAY,
HALLDOR CAN'T BRING THEM BACK.
All: HUH?
NOW THAT WE'VE REACHED
THIS TURN'S END PHASE,
SHOOTING STAR DRAGON
RISES AGAIN.
AND WITH HIS RISE
COMES YOUR FALL.
NOW GO, SHOOTING STAR.
ATTACK!
(EXPLOSIONS)
(HALLDOR CRIES IN PAIN)
WE'RE FAILURES.
(BRODOR GROWLS)
MC: SIMPLY SENSATIONAL.
THE DUEL IS OVER.
YUSEI HAS DONE IT.
AND NOW, IT'S OFF TO
THE FINALS FOR TEAM 5D'S.